{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Week 3\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 Homework: You are writing a scifi game. Inform your player they are about to join Dr Who for a year on the Tardis. They are allowed to fill a suitcase with items for the trip. This case is capable of fabricating and storing any item of any size. Create game play in the console that allows users to add and remove elements from the container. Have 10 turns. Display the list at the start of the turn. Each turn, ask the player what item to add to the case. Save the new item. Next ask if they want to remove an item. Remove that item from the case. At the end of each turn, tell the player how many elements they currently have and how many turns are left.\'a0\'a0\
Sample output\'a0\
You are the new companion! You are going on a trip with Dr. Who. You can take up to 10 times with you in this suitcase that can hold any item of any size. What would you like to add?\'a0\
a cat\'a0\
Are you sure about all of your items? Do you wish to remove any item? If so please type the name of that item. If you want to keep all items, type no.\'a0\
no\
You now have 1 item in the case and 9 more chances.\'a0\
Your case contains:\'a0\
a cat\'a0\
What item would you like to add?\'a0\uc0\u8232 \u8232 a pillow\
Are you sure about all of your items? Do you wish to remove any item? If so please type the name of that item. If you want to keep all items, type no.\'a0\
no\
You now have 2 items in the case and 8 more chances.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360
\cf0 Your case contains:\'a0\
a cat\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 a pillow\'a0\
\
}